added STYLE.md (#8837)
backstage/backstage: STYLE.md

# Introduction

This file describes the various style and design conventions that are used in the Backstage main repository. While you may choose to use these conventions in your own Backstage projects, it is not required.

# TypeScript Coding Conventions

Our TypeScript style is inspired by the [style guidelines](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Coding-guidelines) of the TypeScript implementation itself.

## Naming

1. Use PascalCase for type names.
1. Do not use `I` as a prefix for interface names.
1. Use PascalCase for `enum` values.
1. Use camelCase for function names.
1. Use camelCase for property names and local variables.

> 1. Do not use `_` as a prefix for private properties.

Reviewer: Does use `#` work as a good recommendation here?

Author: Not at the moment, not supported by storybook yet ._.

Reviewer: Ah ok - I thought I saw a PR fixing that, but maybe it was just removing them :joy:

1. Use whole words in names when possible.

## Syntax and Types

1. Use `undefined`. Do not use `null`.
1. Prefer `for..of` over `.forEach`.
1. Do not introduce new types/values to the global namespace.

## File and Export Structure

> 1. Shared types should be defined in types.ts.

Author: Tbh this is copied straight from https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Coding-guidelines and I didn't give more thought to it than the fact that we're doing it in some form atm. I think the most important part is to put shared types in specifically `types.ts` and not use some other filename like `common.ts`, then what counts as a shared type is a slightly different discussion. Basically I'm thinking that this wording is enough as going into more detail might actually confuse things, but we could refine it over time if needed

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4984472/133120461-59d74c3e-ebd9-44f9-900d-cc30f54a3cd2.png)

```ts
/**
 * Properties for ErrorPanel.
 */
export interface ErrorPanelProps {
  ...
}

/**
 * Renders a warning panel as the effect of an error.
 */
export function ErrorPanel(props: ErrorPanelProps) {
  ...
}
```

## Do not destruct parameters in public function declarations

If the parameters of a function are destructed in the parameter list, they will show up in the documentation like this:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4984472/133117011-3e6cb6da-40dd-450e-8d33-51bdcf412e08.png)

Instead prefer to use a single parameter variable and then move the destructuring into the function body instead, which will look much nicer:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4984472/133120542-d648de43-5495-43a8-b532-f5e6f6ab736e.png)

Also be sure to check that the type used by the parameter is exported, as it otherwise won't be discoverable through documentation.

## Use `@remarks` to split long descriptions

> The API reference has an index of exported symbols for each package, which uses a short description, while clicking through to the page for a symbol shows the full description. By default all descriptions are considered "short", and you have manually add a divider where the description should be cut off using the `@remarks` tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API reference has an index of exported symbols for each package, which uses a short description, while clicking through to the page for a symbol shows the full description. By default all descriptions are considered "short", and you have to manually add a divider where the description should be cut off using the `@remarks` tag.
```

```ts
/**
 * This function helps you create a thing.
 *
 * @remarks
 *
 * Here is a much longer and more elaborate description of how the
 * creation of a thing works, which is way too long to fit on the index page.
 */
function createTheThing() {}
```

## Use `@param` to document parameters

When using the `@param` tag to document a parameter it will show up in the **Parameters** section:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4984472/133120977-64004074-0afb-4e8a-9a2a-c846f04eb3d9.png)

Be sure to include a `-` after the parameter name as well as [required by TSDoc](https://tsdoc.org/pages/tags/param/), or you'll get a warning in the API report.

```ts
/**
 * Generates a PluginCacheManager for consumption by plugins.
 *
 * @param pluginId - The plugin that the cache manager should be created for. Plugin names should be unique.
 */
forPlugin(pluginId: string): PluginCacheManager {
  ...
}
```

## Fill in missing references using `{@link ...}`

> Not all types are detected and referenced on the documentation page. Most notably variables, and therefore ApiRefs, will not have clickable links to other symbols that they reference. We instead fill in this missing information using inline `{@link ...}` tags in the description:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not all types are detected and referenced on the documentation page. Most notably variables, and therefore `ApiRef`s, will not have clickable links to other symbols that they reference. We instead fill in this missing information using inline `{@link ...}` tags in the description:
```
